README.md, before:

# Better In-Game Chat Overlay
Game chat systems suck. This overlay fixes that. It's a simple, modern and free chat system overlay for games. Inspired by the game that currently has the best chat system in the world, Overwatch.

NOTE: this overlay is 10% finished and is in WIP.

![Example](/preview.png)


### Most game chat systems currently:   
- Close on you for no reason   
- Close when you're on the loading screen and no way to chat while the game is loading   
- Close when you res-pawn   
- Have a chat delay bug (I hate you Valorant)   

Overwatch doesn't have these issues, and so doesn't this overlay.

### Cons of using this overlay
- Some games require you to sign a digital signature to allow full screen overlays (I hate you Valorant). This will require you to play games in borderless full screen mode which can add latency. I don't have the money to buy a signature.   
- Only probably works on Windows (The superior OS).   

### How to use
- To open the chat, press the `#` key.  
- To send a message, press the `Enter` key.  
- To close the chat, press the `Escape` or the `#` key.  

### Commands
- `/help`
- `/username <username>`
- `/color <string>`
- `/setX <number>`
- `/setY <number>`
- `/resetPos`
- `/connect <string>`
- `/clear`
- `/exit`


### Contribute
Contributing is most welcome 💖 Submit a PR and I will take a look.

Commit message:

Added chat history and custom key bind.

README.md, after:

# Better In-Game Chat Overlay
Game chat systems suck. This overlay fixes that. It's a simple, modern and free chat system overlay for games. Inspired by the game that currently has the best chat system in the world, Overwatch.

NOTE: this overlay is 10% finished and is in WIP.

![Example](/preview.png)


### Most game chat systems currently:   
- Close on you for no reason   
- Close when you're on the loading screen and no way to chat while the game is loading   
- Close when you res-pawn   
- Have a chat delay bug (I hate you Valorant)   

Overwatch doesn't have these issues, and so doesn't this overlay.

### Cons of using this overlay
- Some games require you to sign a digital signature to allow full screen overlays (I hate you Valorant). This will require you to play games in borderless full screen mode which can add latency. I don't have the money to buy a signature.   
- Only probably works on Windows (The superior OS).   

### Features of this overlay
- Command system
- No filtering, reporting. You run your own chat server.
- Custom key-bind to open chat
- Press up or down to navigate through your messages (Just like a command prompt)

### How to use
- To open the chat, press the `Enter` key.  
- To send a message, press the `Enter` key.  
- To close the chat, press the `Escape` or the `Enter` key.  

### Commands
- `/help` - Shows this help message.
- `/username <username>` - set username
- `/color <string>` - set color of your username
- `/setX <number>` - set the X position of the overlay
- `/setY <number>` - Set the Y position of the overlay
- `/resetPos` - Reset the X and Y position to default.
- `/connect <string>` - Connect to a specific server by the IP Address.
- `/clear` - Clear the chat.
- `/bindKey` - Bind a key to open the chat.
- `/exit` - Exit the App.


### Contribute
Contributing is most welcome 💖 Submit a PR and I will take a look.
